then the children of Israel the whole
then the children of Israel the whole congregation came into the wilderness of
congregation came into the wilderness of
congregation came into the wilderness of zin in the first month and the people
zin in the first month and the people
zin in the first month and the people stayed in Kadish and Miriam died there
stayed in Kadish and Miriam died there
stayed in Kadish and Miriam died there and was buried there now there was no
and was buried there now there was no
and was buried there now there was no water for the congregation so they
water for the congregation so they
water for the congregation so they gathered together against Moses in there
gathered together against Moses in there
gathered together against Moses in there and that people contended with Moses if
and that people contended with Moses if
and that people contended with Moses if only we had died when our brethren died
only we had died when our brethren died
only we had died when our brethren died before the Lord why have you brought up
before the Lord why have you brought up
before the Lord why have you brought up the Assembly of the Lord into this
the Assembly of the Lord into this
the Assembly of the Lord into this wilderness that we and our animals
wilderness that we and our animals
wilderness that we and our animals should die here
should die here
should die here and why have you made us come up out of
and why have you made us come up out of
and why have you made us come up out of Egypt to bring us to this evil place it
Egypt to bring us to this evil place it
Egypt to bring us to this evil place it is not a place of grain or figs or vines
is not a place of grain or figs or vines
is not a place of grain or figs or vines or pomegranates nor is there any water
or pomegranates nor is there any water
or pomegranates nor is there any water to drink so Moses and Aaron went from
to drink so Moses and Aaron went from
to drink so Moses and Aaron went from the presence of the Assembly to the door
the presence of the Assembly to the door
the presence of the Assembly to the door of the tabernacle of meeting and they
of the tabernacle of meeting and they
of the tabernacle of meeting and they fell on their faces and the glory of the
fell on their faces and the glory of the
fell on their faces and the glory of the Lord appeared to them
Lord appeared to them
Lord appeared to them then the Lord spoke to Moses take the
then the Lord spoke to Moses take the
then the Lord spoke to Moses take the rod you and your brother Aaron gather
rod you and your brother Aaron gather
rod you and your brother Aaron gather the congregation together speak to the
the congregation together speak to the
the congregation together speak to the rock before their eyes and it will yield
rock before their eyes and it will yield
rock before their eyes and it will yield its water thus you shall bring water for
its water thus you shall bring water for
its water thus you shall bring water for them out of the rock and give drink to
them out of the rock and give drink to
them out of the rock and give drink to the congregation and their family so
the congregation and their family so
the congregation and their family so Moses took the rod from before the Lord
Moses took the rod from before the Lord
Moses took the rod from before the Lord as he commanded him Moses and Aaron
as he commanded him Moses and Aaron
as he commanded him Moses and Aaron gathered the assembly together before
gathered the assembly together before
gathered the assembly together before the rock and he said to them hear now
the rock and he said to them hear now
the rock and he said to them hear now you rebels must we bring water for you
you rebels must we bring water for you
you rebels must we bring water for you out of this rock then Moses lifted his
out of this rock then Moses lifted his
out of this rock then Moses lifted his hand and struck the rock twice with his
hand and struck the rock twice with his
hand and struck the rock twice with his rod
rod
rod and water came out and thunder
and water came out and thunder
and water came out and thunder [Music]
[Music]
[Music] and the congregation and their animals
and the congregation and their animals
and the congregation and their animals drank then the Lord spoke to Moses and
drank then the Lord spoke to Moses and
drank then the Lord spoke to Moses and Aaron because you did not believe me to
Aaron because you did not believe me to
Aaron because you did not believe me to hallow me in the eyes of the children of
hallow me in the eyes of the children of
hallow me in the eyes of the children of Israel therefore you shall not bring
Israel therefore you shall not bring
Israel therefore you shall not bring this assembly into the land which I have
this assembly into the land which I have
this assembly into the land which I have given them this was the water of Meribah
given them this was the water of Meribah
given them this was the water of Meribah because the children of Israel contended
because the children of Israel contended
because the children of Israel contended with the Lord and he was hallowed among
with the Lord and he was hallowed among
with the Lord and he was hallowed among them now Moses sent messengers from
them now Moses sent messengers from
them now Moses sent messengers from Kadesh to the king of Edom thus says
Kadesh to the king of Edom thus says
Kadesh to the king of Edom thus says your brother Israel you know all the
your brother Israel you know all the
your brother Israel you know all the hardship that has befallen us how our
hardship that has befallen us how our
hardship that has befallen us how our fathers went down to Egypt and we dwelt
fathers went down to Egypt and we dwelt
fathers went down to Egypt and we dwelt in Egypt a long time and the Egyptians
in Egypt a long time and the Egyptians
in Egypt a long time and the Egyptians afflicted us and our fathers when we
afflicted us and our fathers when we
afflicted us and our fathers when we cried out to the Lord he heard our voice
cried out to the Lord he heard our voice
cried out to the Lord he heard our voice and sent the angel and brought us up out
and sent the angel and brought us up out
and sent the angel and brought us up out of Egypt now here we are in kadish a
of Egypt now here we are in kadish a
of Egypt now here we are in kadish a city on the edge of your border please
city on the edge of your border please
city on the edge of your border please let us pass through your country we will
let us pass through your country we will
let us pass through your country we will not pass through fields or vineyards nor
not pass through fields or vineyards nor
not pass through fields or vineyards nor will we drink water from wells we will
will we drink water from wells we will
will we drink water from wells we will go along the Kings Highway we will not
go along the Kings Highway we will not
go along the Kings Highway we will not turn aside to the right hand or to the
turn aside to the right hand or to the
turn aside to the right hand or to the left until we have passed through your
left until we have passed through your
left until we have passed through your territory then Edom said to him you
territory then Edom said to him you
territory then Edom said to him you shall not pass through my land lest I
shall not pass through my land lest I
shall not pass through my land lest I come out against you with the sword so
come out against you with the sword so
come out against you with the sword so the children of Israel said to him we
the children of Israel said to him we
the children of Israel said to him we will go by the highway and if I or my
will go by the highway and if I or my
will go by the highway and if I or my livestock drink any of your water then I
livestock drink any of your water then I
livestock drink any of your water then I will pay for it let me only pass through
will pay for it let me only pass through
will pay for it let me only pass through on foot nothing more you shall not pass
on foot nothing more you shall not pass
on foot nothing more you shall not pass through
through
through so a demenna men and with a strong hand
so a demenna men and with a strong hand
so a demenna men and with a strong hand thus Edom refused to give Israel passage
thus Edom refused to give Israel passage
thus Edom refused to give Israel passage through his territory
through his territory
through his territory so Israel turned away from now the
so Israel turned away from now the
so Israel turned away from now the children of Israel the whole
children of Israel the whole
children of Israel the whole congregation journeyed from Kadish and
congregation journeyed from Kadish and
congregation journeyed from Kadish and came to Mount hor and the Lord spoke to
came to Mount hor and the Lord spoke to
came to Mount hor and the Lord spoke to Moses and Aaron in Mount hor by the
Moses and Aaron in Mount hor by the
Moses and Aaron in Mount hor by the border of the land of Edom saying Aaron
border of the land of Edom saying Aaron
border of the land of Edom saying Aaron shall be gathered to his people for he
shall be gathered to his people for he
shall be gathered to his people for he shall not enter the land which I have
shall not enter the land which I have
shall not enter the land which I have given to the children of Israel because
given to the children of Israel because
given to the children of Israel because you rebelled against my word at the
you rebelled against my word at the
you rebelled against my word at the water of miracle take Aaron and Eleazar
water of miracle take Aaron and Eleazar
water of miracle take Aaron and Eleazar his son and bring them up to Mount hor
his son and bring them up to Mount hor
his son and bring them up to Mount hor and strip Aaron of his garments and put
and strip Aaron of his garments and put
and strip Aaron of his garments and put them on Eleazar his son for Aaron shall
them on Eleazar his son for Aaron shall
them on Eleazar his son for Aaron shall be gathered to his people and died there
be gathered to his people and died there
be gathered to his people and died there so Moses did just as the LORD commanded
so Moses did just as the LORD commanded
so Moses did just as the LORD commanded they went up to Mount Hall in the sight
they went up to Mount Hall in the sight
they went up to Mount Hall in the sight of all the congregation Moses stripped
of all the congregation Moses stripped
of all the congregation Moses stripped Aaron of his garments and put them on
Aaron of his garments and put them on
Aaron of his garments and put them on Eleazar his son and Aaron died there on
Eleazar his son and Aaron died there on
Eleazar his son and Aaron died there on the top of the mountain then Moses and
the top of the mountain then Moses and
the top of the mountain then Moses and Eleazar came down from the mountain now
Eleazar came down from the mountain now
Eleazar came down from the mountain now when all the congregation saw that Aaron
when all the congregation saw that Aaron
when all the congregation saw that Aaron was dead
was dead
was dead all the house of Israel mourned for
all the house of Israel mourned for
all the house of Israel mourned for Aaron 30 days